Redo the API Wrapper (#1)
CubeEdge-Studios/hive-bedrock: packages/hive-bedrock-api/README.md

An API wrapper for the Hive Minecraft Bedrock Edition server. Which allows you to get stats for leaderboards, players, cosmetics, unique player counts, maps and metadata.

> [!NOTE]

> > This API responses returnded from this package will differ from the responses returned by the offical Hive API. This due to our preference and needs when using this package on [Hive Backpack](https://hivebackpack.com).

Reviewer: returned
offical
"_This_ API responses"

```suggestion
> The API responses returned from this package will differ from the responses returned by the official Hive API. This due to our preference and needs when using this package on [Hive Backpack](https://hivebackpack.com).
```

## Getting started

```bash
$ npm install hive-bedrock-api
$ yarn add hive-bedrock-api
```

You should also include `hive-bedrock-data` as it includes useful functions and game information.

## Usage

> To start using this API wrapper you may construct the main class `HiveAPI`. This class can take in seperate options that will be used in every http request.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To start using the API, construct the main class `HiveAPI`. This class takes in options that will be used in every HTTP request.
```
